[ROX-12430]: adding note about policy severity levels in RHACS (#50403)
openshift/openshift-docs: operating/default-security-policies.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
The default security policies in {product-title} provide broad coverage to identify security issues and ensure best practices for security in your environment. By configuring those policies, you can automatically prevent high-risk service deployments in your environment and respond to runtime security incidents.

[NOTE]
====

> The severity levels for policies in {product-title} are different from the severity levels that are assigned by Red Hat Product Security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The severity levels for policies in {product-title} are different from the severity levels that Red Hat Product Security assigns.
```
Rewording suggestion to avoid passive voice.

> The policy severity levels are Critical, High, Medium, and Low. Red Hat Product Security rates severity levels as Critical, Important, Moderate, and Low.

Reviewer 2: May want to put "RHACS" before "policy severity levels" just to avoid confusion.

> While it is important to know both a policy's severity level understand the Red Hat Product Security severity levels, they are not related. For more information about the Red Hat Product Security severity levels, see link:https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/classification[Severity Ratings].

Reviewer 2: I think "to" is missing before "understand"

Author: Good catch!
